Author:		Mark Cunningham
Student ID:	04424549
Project:	Graphics And Imaging Project CT336 / CT404 - Semester 1 - 2007/08
		Project selected is an OpenGL 2D Game.

Project Name:	Spherical Joy v1.00a

	OverView:
		This is a simple game that resembles the famous Breakout Series.
		You are given a paddle, a sphere, some blocks and a certain number of lives.
		The idea is to hit the blocks with the paddle using the sphere without letting 
		the sphere drop below the paddle or collect the death box which both results in
		a life being taken away from you. So without losing all your lives, you must 
		complete all levels, starting from 1 (easy) to 16 (much harder).There are weapons 
		you can collect that can help you aswell as make it harder for you to complete the level.
		There is an intro screen, then a menu where you can look at the instructions and see
		all the weapons available to you and also see other functions of the game. From the initial 
		menu you can also start the game. There are extra functionalities to the game aswell, 
		such as the ability to pause the game, excape to the menu, and toggle the cursor 
		visible/not visible. Also included in the game are sound effects which can give the 
		game a more complete feel.

		The program is relatively bug free, and should run correctly all of the time.

		Enjoy the Expreience.

	Notes:
		This game was done using the screen resolution of 1280x1024, so there may be disrepencies
		with different screen resolutions, although I have kept in mind the 800x600 and 1024x768 
		resolutions.
		This game works perfectly on Windows XP SP2 Professional Edition and with said resolution.
		If you are compiling this code make sure to have all dependicies set up correctly. You may
		need to change the include directories and such things like that. It shouldn't be too complicated.

		I have tried it in the college and the sphere seems to move very slow. Also the paddle doesn't seem
		to move that fast either but the settings are the same and even the processor is the
		same as my computer. So the game may run slow on your computer but it works perfect on mine 
		without any glitch.

		Also I have hardcoded a cheat into the game that allows you to skip levels. This is for testing
		purposes and obviously would be removed when shipping.